now that our account is set up maybe
we'll tinker around with the settings a
bit so let's go over here let's click
this little settings icon and oop
another pop-up came up and it's saying
signature request welcome to openc click
sign to sign in no password needed this
does not trigger a blockchain
transaction or cost any gas fees your
authentication will be reset after 24
hours so let's sign that
and now we can actually go into our
profile settings and set up a complete
account
for our wallet
that's amazing so here you can fill out
your username your bio so you know as a
username we can fill in ztm bio we'll
fill in the bio a bit later
and then for your email address you
should fill in the email that you want
to use i'll be using crypto at zero to
mastery dot io
and so you can fill in other parts of
your wallet you can even put up a
profile image a profile banner
and then you can save your account as is
and
now it'll tell you verify your email
address to link it to your openc account
and so that's what you should do go to
your email go look for the openc email
and verify the account